collector/README.md, before:

Requirements
* CNI installed
* docker or podman installed
* OpenSVC agent 2.1+ installed

***

Create a secret to host the ssl certificate for nginx and db password.

```
om test/sec/collector create
om test/sec/collector gen cert
om test/sec/collector add --key db_password --value opensvc
```

Optional: web2py admin console password

```
om test/sec/collector add --key CUSTO_WEB2PY_ADMIN_CONSOLE_PWD --value S3Cr3t
```

***

Create a configmap to host the nginx configuration and admin scripts.

```
om test/cfg/collector create
curl -o- -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opensvc/opensvc_templates/main/collector/nginx.conf | om test/cfg/collector add --key nginx.conf --from -
curl -o- -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opensvc/opensvc_templates/main/collector/scripts/dbdump.sh | om test/cfg/collector add --key dbdump.sh --from -
curl -o- -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opensvc/opensvc_templates/main/collector/scripts/dbrestore.sh | om test/cfg/collector add --key dbrestore.sh --from -
curl -o- -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opensvc/opensvc_templates/main/collector/scripts/dbdump.tables | om test/cfg/collector add --key dbdump.tables --from -
```

***

Deploy the collector service.
```
om test/svc/collector deploy --config https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opensvc/opensvc_templates/main/collector/collector.conf
```

***

Display service information.
```
om test/svc/collector print status -r
```

All items should be up and green coloured.

***

Connect to the web interface

Open your favorite browser and point to `https://<ip.of.service>` using the ip displayed in the print status output

Collector web portal credentials
* login: `root@localhost.localdomain`
* password: `opensvc`

***

A task is scheduled every day to dump the database on a local volume.
You can run it manually using 

```
om test/svc/collector run --rid task#dbdump
```

***

Another task can be used to restore a database dump
It has to be executed manually, and asks for operator confirmation

```
om test/svc/collector run --rid task#dbrestore
```

**Warning** data loss expected, be sure that it is what you expect before running this task

***

Cleanup (service + data loss !) can be done using the command below
```
om 'test/*/*' purge
```

Commit message:

Add OPENSVC_COLLECTOR_REPO to the collector sec
To ease setting a private git clone, with PAT auth.

collector/README.md, after:

Requirements
* CNI installed
* docker or podman installed
* OpenSVC agent 2.1+ installed

***

Create a secret to host the ssl certificate for nginx, git projet url (may contain access token) and db password.

```
om test/sec/collector create
om test/sec/collector gen cert
om test/sec/collector add --key db_password --value opensvc
om test/sec/collector add --key CUSTO_WEB2PY_ADMIN_CONSOLE_PWD --value S3Cr3t
om test/sec/collector add --key repo --value https://github.com/opensvc/collector
```

With a private git clone, to circumvent github access denial,
```
om test/sec/collector change --key repo --value https://username:<personal access token>@lab.my.corp/opensvc/collector
```

***

Create a configmap to host the nginx configuration and admin scripts.

```
om test/cfg/collector create
curl -o- -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opensvc/opensvc_templates/main/collector/nginx.conf | om test/cfg/collector add --key nginx.conf --from -
curl -o- -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opensvc/opensvc_templates/main/collector/scripts/dbdump.sh | om test/cfg/collector add --key dbdump.sh --from -
curl -o- -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opensvc/opensvc_templates/main/collector/scripts/dbrestore.sh | om test/cfg/collector add --key dbrestore.sh --from -
curl -o- -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opensvc/opensvc_templates/main/collector/scripts/dbdump.tables | om test/cfg/collector add --key dbdump.tables --from -
```

***

Deploy the collector service.
```
om test/svc/collector deploy --config https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opensvc/opensvc_templates/main/collector/collector.conf
```

The deployment clones the opensvc/collector project from github during the init container (container#1) run. If that clone is not possible due to security policies on your site, you can clone that project on an accessible server and set the OPENSVC_COLLECTOR_REPO environment variable in container#01.

The following block demonstrates how to replace the previous deploy command 

```
om test/sec/collector add --key repo --value https://<access token>@lab.my.corp/opensvc/collector
om test/svc/collector create --config https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opensvc/opensvc_templates/main/collector/collector.conf
om test/svc/collector set --kw container#01.secrets_environment+=OPENSVC_COLLECTOR_REPO=collector/repo
om test/svc/collector provision
```

***

Display service information.
```
om test/svc/collector print status -r
```

All items should be up and green coloured.

***

Connect to the web interface

Open your favorite browser and point to `https://<ip.of.service>` using the ip displayed in the print status output

Collector web portal credentials
* login: `root@localhost.localdomain`
* password: `opensvc`

***

A task is scheduled every day to dump the database on a local volume.
You can run it manually using 

```
om test/svc/collector run --rid task#dbdump
```

***

Another task can be used to restore a database dump
It has to be executed manually, and asks for operator confirmation

```
om test/svc/collector run --rid task#dbrestore
```

**Warning** data loss expected, be sure that it is what you expect before running this task

***

Cleanup (service + data loss !) can be done using the command below
```
om 'test/*/*' purge
```
